Creation of gen-corim command (#190)
veraison/services: README.md

The key-values store is the Veraison Storage Layer. It is used to store both Endorsements and Trust Anchors.

KV Store details can be found under [kvstore](https://github.com/veraison/services/tree/migration/kvstore#kv-store)

> ## CoRIM Generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Utilities
```

> Services provides an API for CoRIM generation, see the [README.md](utils/gen-corim/README.md) inside utils/gen-corim directory for a more detailed explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services now contains a `utils` folder to host various utilities. One such utility is a quick generation of Endorsements from the Evidence. Please see the [README.md](utils/gen-corim/README.md) inside utils/gen-corim for a more detailed explanation.
```
